# THE DEATH VAULT
This is an archive of all information and music about electronic music producer SVDDEN DEATH. For now, this repository will serve as storage space for all that we have so far, free for public viewing. Eventually, it will evolve into a website with a functioning and complete wiki, and a music archive of released and unreleased material, plus old aliases and anything involved with the project. It will be community-led, with volunteers contributing with their own findings to both sections. For now, if you wish to get involved, please contact the staff at [discord.gg/voyd](https://discord.gg/voyd). Welcome to the CVLT.

<sub>*This is purely for archival reasons. Do not use anything uploaded for commercial use. Links to purchase will be provided for media as availible / neccesary (free download already, ect). Please support all artists as directly as possible. We hope to provide access to media that might not be publically availible otherwise and to create a space to enjoy them. Piracy bad, Danny good et cetra.*</sub>

# How To Contribute
Please upload your concert videos to the Concert Videos folder. Be specific in the title - what is it, and where is it from? Upload in-line audio IDs to the IDs folder - again, be specific; what version is it, when was it ripped, as much detail in the title as you can. If you wish to contribute to the Wiki, please add information to the appropiate section, with sources cited if applicable. All changes will be subject to approval by the staff team. Thank you for contributing!
